From: https://www.ghsagenda.org/docs/default-source/default-document-library/global-health-security-agenda-2017-progress-and-impact-from-u-s-investments.pdf


Internationally, multiple donor partners support
GHSA objectives, and U.S. investments have helped to
leverage additional support. The G-710 leaders made
a collective commitment to assist 76 countries and
regions. In 2017, Australia committed approximately
$240 million over five years (2017–2022) to establish
a new Health Security Initiative for the Indo-Pacific
region to address rising health security threats. The
Republic of Korea, through its Safe Life for All Initiative,
has pledged $100 million in 13 countries over five
years, focusing on immunization, national laboratory
systems, and workforce development. Nordic countries
made a collective commitment to assist 10 countries.
Canada provided $20 million in 2016 to assist an
additional 15 countries to fulfill commitments under the
GHSA. Spain and Italy are strengthening laboratories
and training personnel in Southeast Asia. The World
Bank’s International Development Association 2018
replenishment establishes a scaled-up commitment to
strengthen country-level health security capacity in at
least 25 countries. The World Bank is also implementing
the $110 million Regional Disease Surveillance Systems
Enhancement Project, which will assist countries
to strengthen their disease detection systems and
epidemic preparedness. In addition, Finland, Germany,
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and other countries, along
with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, are helping
support the WHO’s Joint External Evaluation (JEE)
process to comply with the IHR (2005). 

Imported funding: 
1. Austrailia $240 million for general global benefit, biosecurity
2. Repubic of Korea $100 million for general global benefit, immunization, national labs, workforce development
3. World Bank $110 million for for general global benefit, surveillance


Excluded funded:
1. Nordic countries made a collective commitment to assist 10 countries: no financial information provided
2. Canada, data already captured through other sources
3. Spain and Italy: no financial information provided
4. Finland, Germany, Saudi Arabia, "other countries", Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation: no financial information provided



